---
layout: post
title: Notes on Substack articles from 2025
author: Daniel Dantas
---

I use this post to log Substack quotes I found interesting

## [227. CES 2025: An Abundance of (AI) Experimentation](https://hardcoresoftware.learningbyshipping.com/p/227-ces-2025-an-abundance-of-ai-experimentation) (1/12/2025)
> AI is the new ingredient. But right now, no one is sure what to do with it other than add it to their existing products and that feels awkward though for some products it means they finally work as expected, but will that change things?

## [Remembering Mike Maples, Sr.](https://hardcoresoftware.learningbyshipping.com/p/remembering-mike-maples-sr) (1/10/2025)
> If you visited the Microsoft campus you would have noticed in the Apps courtyard special bronzed tiles with the names of products and the dates they shipped. This was part of a culture Mike created, the Ship It awards. Everyone received a weighty acrylic block commemorating the accomplishment of shipping in an era when that was nearly impossible. After each product shipped, a tile was added to the courtyard and we each got a mini tile to affix to our personal Ship It Award. Mike instilled the idea of shipping across the company....
>
> Mike looked at us, rings of people encircling the big table. He asked, “How long have y'all been thinking about this problem?” Of course it had been months, day and night, but mostly we just froze. He then said in his best Oklahoma accent “There’s a lot here…much more than I can absorb in an hour. How long have y’all been working on these foils and this problem?” More silence.
>
>Mike then followed up, “Y’all been working on this longer than me, and know more than I will ever know. Why don’t you just tell me what you decided to do and then we can move the project forward?” That wasn't how Microsoft worked, the more senior a person was the more certain they were and did not hesitate to tell you that. He was teaching us how that doesn't really scale.



