---
layout: post
title: Notes on blogs & newsletters from 2025
author: Daniel Dantas
---

This post logs quotes from blogs and newsletters that I find interesting

* This will become a table of contents (this text will be scrapped).
{:toc}

## January

### [227. CES 2025: An Abundance of (AI) Experimentation](https://hardcoresoftware.learningbyshipping.com/p/227-ces-2025-an-abundance-of-ai-experimentation) (1/12/2025)
> As we all know, at least anyone who has written line of business software, the problem is never the known case but the exceptions. The models and frankly AI in general are not equipped to handle exceptions. So, for me the leap to agents and autonomous “do this work for me” seems like a promise that can’t be kept. This makes me uncomfortable. My challenge will be that the demos will be great. But I suspect that the inputs to agents are very quickly going to look like programming more than like asking a trained human for help. 

### [Remembering Mike Maples, Sr.](https://hardcoresoftware.learningbyshipping.com/p/remembering-mike-maples-sr) (1/10/2025)
> If you visited the Microsoft campus you would have noticed in the Apps courtyard special bronzed tiles with the names of products and the dates they shipped. This was part of a culture Mike created, the Ship It awards. Everyone received a weighty acrylic block commemorating the accomplishment of shipping in an era when that was nearly impossible. After each product shipped, a tile was added to the courtyard and we each got a mini tile to affix to our personal Ship It Award. Mike instilled the idea of shipping across the company....
>
> Mike looked at us, rings of people encircling the big table. He asked, “How long have y'all been thinking about this problem?” Of course it had been months, day and night, but mostly we just froze. He then said in his best Oklahoma accent “There’s a lot here…much more than I can absorb in an hour. How long have y’all been working on these foils and this problem?” More silence.
>
> Mike then followed up, “Y’all been working on this longer than me, and know more than I will ever know. Why don’t you just tell me what you decided to do and then we can move the project forward?” That wasn't how Microsoft worked, the more senior a person was the more certain they were and did not hesitate to tell you that.



